# PRO-C37-INFINITE-RUNNER-GAME
#Game Design and Analysis  *IN EXTREME DETAIL* #c36 to c41 #Multiplayer Car Racing Game   ==============================================================================================================================================================================  #1. what is the title of the game? Multiplayer Car Racing Game #2. what is the story of the game? #3. what is the goal of the game #4. how many charecters are present in the game #create a list #5. which are the playing charecters and the non playing charecters in the game #6. describe behavior and structure of each element throught the duration of the game *IN EXTREME DETAIL* #.7 what are the elements of skill #.8 what are the elements of chance #.9how does the game creat a balance between the elements of chance and the elements of skill #10. how does the game provide feedback to the player #11.how to play the game #12.gather the media files used in the game #13.which language and tech is used to develope the game ? #14.which softwares are used to develope the game #15.list and decribe why the libraries are used in the game  ==============================================================================================================================================================================  #Division Of Goals  Class C35 Goals:  ● Create a form to log the players' name in the game.   ● Update playerCount and gameState in the database.   ● Use OOPs programming style. Class C36 Goals:  ● Structure the code for the game further to include more properties and functions for each class.   ● Write code for behavior in play state of the game when all the players are logged in.   ● Display all the players with their distance scores  Class C37 Goals:  ● Display the game canvas and all the elements in the game with respect to the display size of the device.  ● Use data from the database to design car racing game when the game is in play state.   ● Focus the game camera to the active player Class C38 Goals:  ● Add a track in the background.   ● Replace the car sprites with images of real cars.   ● Write a condition to end the game. Class C39 Goals:  ● Create a reset button at the top of the game to reset the playerCount and gameState.   ● Add some identification to help the player identify their car in the game. Class C40 Goals:  ● Store rank of individual players in the game as player property.   ● Display rank of the player when the game ends.
